# 17 Slightly Important Things For My Siblings To Remember
*Disclaimer: This is not a list of rules. I'm not Hitler. Follow at your own risk. Haha!*

I always have this sticky note in my mind that says: "Be a better person, Kev.", and this is the list that I think helps me do it.

## When someone is talking, listen.
Basically, don't be a d-bag.

## Be mindful of how you deliver your words.
Most people have the mantra of "I was not born to please anybody". Yeah, were you made to hurt others with your sharp tongue, then?

## Your intentions will translate to be your actions. Consult your moral code. All the time.
Hm, this one is self-explanatory. Say, I want to take Clynt's cake without asking his permission. This is clearly bad, and I take his cake away anyway. Subtly, this applies to other various interactions with people.

## You aren't always right.
Learn to accept when you are defeated. You can always improve.

## Chew silently.
You aren't some wild animal. Come on.

## You are unique, just like everybody else.
Lower your ego.

## Time is your most precious possession. Don’t waste it on some negative shit. If someone is pissing you off, leave the person. Simple.
Spend your time on things you love, or with people who love you. If you're not aware, Father is a good source of a conversation. I always have fun when I talk to him. 🤓

## Perfection is impossible, but it doesn’t hurt to strive and reach for it.
This one is a WIP. I think it always is. It always is. Try not to half-ass things, it forms a habit.

## Place your self in multiple perspectives
Ever heard of the phrase: "There's always to sides of the story"? Yeah. You may have seen a chicken, but the next person may have seen a duck. Conflicts rise when one party has tunnel vision.

## Your opinion is not needed. Keep them to your self, unless asked for it.
You don't want anyone barging in to conversations unwelcome, right? EVERYONE thinks this way too. Don't be a dick.
*One thing: On meetings, your voice is NEEDED. But know your position on things.*

## Differentiate "wants" from "needs".
You need food. You want that overpriced cake. Go get some pan-de-sal.

## Humility will go a VERY long way
Know that you are a great person, who has limitations.

## Truly love
Nuff said.

## Be a role model; Inspire others
Don't be a show-off though.

## Pay your debts (I don’t lmao)
When you borrow money, the first rule is to have the intention to pay.

## Listen to good music that make you feel good
I love people with music preferences that are similar to mine.

**There are so much more. Just can't bring them out at the moment. I'm totally swamped at work right now, so.. Maybe on a second part of this post.**
